My ideal job is computer security expert. And I think computer network and systems engineer can involve to it (rank : 13)
From your group’s ideal jobs, you can identify a set of skills required for these jobs (we will refer to this as your group’s ​required skill set​). These can be divided into general skills​ (communication, problem-solving, writing etc) and​ IT-specific skills (Javascript, SQL, etc).
    How do the ​IT-specific skills​ in your required skill set rank in terms of demand from employers?
computer security experts should be a master in most of C languages, tools, and skills. And I can recongnize these estimate most of highest rates(SQL,JavaScript,JAVA,Microsoft Windows,Microsoft C#,Linux,Software engineering, Net programming, Python.
    How do the​ general skills​ in your required skill set rank in terms of demand from employers?
To solve computer security situations, computer security experts require these skills. Communication skills,Problem solving,Trouble shooting, Planning, creativity, Research, Decision making. Most of them rate highest demand from employees.
    What are the three highest-ranked ​IT-specific skills​ which are not in your required skill set?
I think there's no one not matched to my ideal job. Because the aim of my ideal job is searching a vulnerable parts in the network and software. So, I have to familiar with the highest demand skill and know how to use it.
    What are the three highest-ranked ​general skills​ which are not in your required skill set?
I think I don't need much about organisational skill becuase when I see the another aspects, I need a communication skill. When I need to get solution of vulnerable components, I need problem solving skills. But, at now, I can't guess any ways to use organisational skill if I am a computer security expert.
Having looked at the Burning Glass data, has your opinion of your ideal job changed? Why or why not?
My mind is not change much because I am sure that every programs, servers, and websites need my ideal job's role.