Career palns
To apply for my ideal jobs more professional, I need field experiences and knowledge, skills for IT tools and C languages. So while attending the university, I want to be an expert in the C languages. To be more friendly with C languages, I will make a basic program based on each language. After that, before I graduate university, I think I will have two decisions, trying to find companies that I can get internship and field experiences. Or trying to make our own business with my friends. I have a lot of ideas that can be possible and succeed in the market.
Right now, my ideal job is a white hacker. But, I keep considering my career plans and may be my ideal job and career path can be changed. These days, I am considering going to graduate school. There, studying about machines and robots that can be manipulated by the brain. I think it will be helpful for hard work people and mostly disabilities.
In conclusion, I chose my ideal job but I keep thinking about my career path. So, I want to collaborate with IT people and study more to choose my specific career path.

Overview
Topic
Our application is a workout application. Our aim is mostly about beginners and motivation for people who are doing workout but need an impact to do the workout and don’t have a time to do workout. As you know, one of the big trends these days is healthy and workout. But, many people are having difficulties in getting much information related to it such as diet and how to do it and continuing their workout routine and making a habit for it. So, this application can help these people to mitigate this problem. 
There are many functions that are related to helping with workout. Our main goal is being more friendly with users than other applications and giving them power and motivation to do workout. Most applications show complex contents to comprehend and have to pay some money for getting the contents. But, our application is for beginners and busy people so it will explain easily what they can do and simple exercise. Also, it is free for everyone to approach all contents. To motivate people not forcing ways, we will show examples of diets, routines, and influencer’s toned bodies.
Motivation
In many cases, people are having difficulties in starting a workout and keeping it. In Tae Sung’s case, he actually started workout 1 years ago, but he didn’t get much improvement in his body because he was doing it efficiently. Also, for Quan’s, he felt stressed and pushed when he was doing workout so he quitted it for a long time. We think the biggest reasons are there are some difficulties in getting information and not much data that is kind for beginners. So, we want to make an application that is suitable for beginners. Also, because of a sedentary lifestyle, most workers are having a lack of motivation. It causes many diseases like obesity. To deal with it, they just need exercises. However, our group thinks most workout applications can’t solve these problems. This is why our application is important for people.
